[singing voice] Aniplex.
[indistinct chatter]
[exhales sharply]
[beeping]
[Mizuki] 940 milliseconds.
You've cleared it, Tatsuya!
‐ Yes, finally.
‐ [chuckles nervously]
Took until my third try
to clear it.
I wouldn't have expected that.
[Mizuki] So you really
do struggle
with your practical skills,
don't you?
[grunts]
Seriously?
I haven't my incompetence
clear yet?
Mm, well yes,
I did hear you say that.
I thought it was modesty.
[chuckles]
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
‐ [gasps]
‐ If I were average
in practical skills,
I probably wouldn't be
in this class.
Yes, you're right.
Although if you were good
at practical skills, too,
you'd be way too perfect
and not very approachable,
I think.
Hey, Tatsuya?
[Tatsuya] Hmm?
[Mizuki] Do you feel bitter
about it?
About what?
Even though you really do
have talent,
you've been evaluated as if
you don't have any at all.
[Mizuki] Normally that'd
make someone bitter.
You seem fine, though.
It doesn't appear
to be bothering you much.
Well, processing speed
is a crucial factor, too.
[Tatsuya] You're not that
far off labeling me
as unskilled.
[Mizuki] And yet if you
actually implemented it,
the truth of the matter is you
could activate it much faster,
couldn't you?
‐ [grunts]
[Tatsuya] Why do you
think that?
During your first try,
at one point you canceled
your magic sequence
and rebuilt it from scratch.
Am I right?
[Mizuki] And in terms
of the timing,
you read the activation sequence
and built your first
magic sequence simultaneously.
Seeing that got me wondering
that for casting
a low‐level spell like this,
you could build
the magic sequence directly
without using any activation
sequences at all.
I never realized you
were capable
of seeing that much.
You really do have good eyes.
[gasps]
Sure,
for basic single systems spells,
I guess I could invoke
more quickly
if I built my sequence directly.
However, not every single time.
Not if it has too many steps.
Think.
When you use magic
to move an egg
from the kitchen to a table,
it's a four‐process spell.
Remove movement and suspension
from that spell,
activation speeds up,
but the egg shell will break.
However, to knock
your opponent backwards
in battle,
there's no need
to absorb the impact.
It takes one process.
Since I hit my maximum
at five processes,
it's all I can do.
Well, I imagine
that five processes
would be more than enough
for combat use.
[chuckles]
But I'm not studying magic
for combat use.
My career goal is to use magic
in order to develop energy.
To do that,
I need multiple
process spells invoked
by activation sequences.
That's why I can deal
with being evaluated fairly.
There's simply no way
of getting around it.
It's due to my inferior
processing skills.
Hmm?
That's incredible, Tatsuya!
I'm so impressed!
Huh?
You can use magic
so you become a magician.
At least that's the normal way
of doing things around here,
but your reason
for studying magic
is because you have
your own personal goals.
Wait, now that I think about it,
that is true.
‐ So, time for a fresh start.
‐ Uh, huh?
At first I was only here
so I could study magic
for the purpose
of controlling these eyes.
It wasn't about wanting
to do anything.
Not rally, at least.
I think magic should be more
than just a means to an end.
But from now on
I'll give it serious thought.
Hey, hey, Mizuki.
Yes, it's obvious,
as long as we both
have conviction
and a goal in mind.
A little bit of slander
can't break our spirits,
can it?
And if the two of us can achieve
our cherished goals,
our grades at this high school
are of secondary importance.
That's what you
and I both live for, isn't it?
Each individual should seek out
what they alone want to live for
and then‐‐
‐ Jeez, Mizuki,
what are you getting
all excited about?
[whimpers]
[Mizuka] Aww, sorry
to cause such a commotion.
[Tatsuya] My purpose,
it's nothing as grand as that.
I had to be a magician
even though
I'm not good at magic.
It's like I've been cursed.
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
♪♪ Hey welcome
to our special rising ♪♪
♪♪ Can you distance standby
Here we go ♪♪
[LiSA's "Rising Hope"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Pay attention
Hey what is it ♪♪
♪♪ Watch your step now ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Are you serious
No, no, no, don't worry ♪♪
♪♪ One two three ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I'm feeling magical ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I seen my hope ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
[Sayaka] You asked me a question
the other day.
Originally, I suppose I thought
that letting the school know
we weren't all about magic
would be enough.
Now, though, I realize that
it's not nearly enough.
What we want is simple.
We're going to demand
that Magic High School
improves our conditions.
More specifically,
though,
what is it that you want them
to improve?
Well, everything!
All aspects
of the way we're treated here.
The main difference
that I have seen
between course one
and course two students
is the availability
or lack thereof
of the curriculum's instructors.
Would I be correct in assuming
that you want Magic High School
to employ additional
faculty members?
[gasps]
I don't mean to take things
that far, but...
So it's about club activities.
It's my understanding that
the kendo and the kenjutsu teams
are allotted the same amount
of practicing space.
[groans]
That might be true,
but that isn't really the point.
Wait, are you saying
that you're not disgruntled?
Disgruntled?
Of course.
Uh, so then‐‐
[Tatsuya] However...
There's nothing in particular
that I think is necessary
for the high school to alter.
Huh?
[Tatsuya] My expectations
with this educational facility
only go so far.
If I can gain access
to unpublished
documents exclusive
to Magic University
and receive my diploma
from this affiliated
high school,
then there
is nothing more than that
which I shall be needing
from it.
Besides...
I'm not about to blame
the school's administration
for students using slurs,
which have been
expressly forbidden.
[groans]
Unfortunately, it would appear
that you and I don't share
the same principles,
Miss Mibu.
[gasps]
[exhales]
[cell phone rings]
Huh?
[gasps]
[indistinct chatter]
[P.A. system squeals]
[all gasping]
[Boy] Attention, please,
all students.
We are a volunteer coalition
opposed to discrimination.
Voluntary?
Right.
[Boy] We demand an opportunity
to negotiate on equal terms
with the student council
and extracurricular federation.
[gasps]
Finally.
[Tatsuya] Apologies.
Okay, what's the situation?
Our people have cut off
their power
so they can't do
any more broadcasts.
[Mari] However, the coalition
has locked the door
and barricaded
themselves inside.
[Tatsuya] Can't we open it
from the outside?
[Mari] We would,
but the problem is,
they stole
the master key beforehand.
But that's clearly
criminal conduct.
[Suzune] It is indeed,
and with that considered,
this needs
to be handled delicately
to discourage them
from blowing up any further.
[grunts]
That won't necessarily
deescalate anything.
They won't suddenly
become docile
just because we decide
to be discreet.
Even if we use force,
we should try to resolve
this quickly.
And you,
Chairman Jumonji?
[Tatsuya] What are your thoughts
on the matter?
My thoughts?
I don't think there's
any real downside
to negotiating with them.
[Katsuto] This was always just
a pretext.
If we can refute that
strongly enough,
it should assuage
their anxieties.
If I'm understanding correctly,
you're recommending
we just do nothing?
As far as that goes,
I haven't decided just yet.
We can't allow their
unlawful behavior
to go unpunished.
[Katsuto] However,
I don't find it criminal enough
to warrant destroying
school facilities
for the sake
of a speedy resolution.
[gasps]
[cell phone trilling]
[Tatsuya] Is that you,
Miss Mibu?
‐ This is Shiba.
‐ [gasps]
I'm wondering,
where are you right now?
Oh,
inside the broadcasting room.
That's quite unfortunate
to hear.
[both gasping]
[Tatsuya] No, I wasn't
mocking you when you said that.
‐ [grunts]
‐ [Tatsuya] I wish you would
be calmer about this situation.
Yes.
Excuse me.
If you don't mind,
I'd like to cut to the chase.
Chairman Jumonji has expressed
a willingness
to negotiate with you.
I've yet to confirm
the student council's position.
No, wait.
The council will negotiate, too.
Then we should discuss what time
and date we could schedule
these negotiations.
No, don't worry.
Your freedom is guaranteed.
Yes.
Good.
[phone beeps]
She says they're coming out now.
So was that Sayaka Mibu?
[Tatsuya] Yes.
She gave me
her cell phone number.
Originally, it was just
so we could meet up later.
Who knew it would come
in handy here?
[Mari] You sure
don't waste time,
do you?
‐ [Miyuki whimpers]
Oh, come on.
[Tatsuya] Anyway,
I think we should get ourselves
into position.
What do you mean?
Prepare to take custody
of those people inside.
You know,
if I remember correctly,
didn't you just say
you would guarantee
them all their freedom?
The only one whose freedom
I guaranteed
was Miss Sayaka Mibu,
and regardless,
I never said I'm negotiating
on behalf
of the disciplinary committee.
[both gasping]
[Miyuki] Brother,
you are undeniably evil.
You're just now realizing that,
Miyuki?
[Mikyuki giggles]
Fair enough.
However, Brother...
About the fact that you went
through all that trouble
of saving Miss Mibu's
private cell phone number.
I'll expect to hear all
the details about that
from you later,
all right?
[feet stomping]
[boys grunting]
[Sayaka] What's the meaning
of this attack?
You double crossed us!
[Katsuto] Relax.
Shiba didn't double cross you.
[gasps]
Chairman Jumonji.
We will listen to your demands.
However, complying
with your demands
in this instance and approving
of the extreme measures you took
are two different things.
[grunts]
[Mayumi] You're absolutely right
about that but...
[Katsuto] Miss Saegusa?
Disciplinary committee,
would you kindly release them?
Hold on.
[Mayumi] I know, Mari.
I know.
However, we can't set up
the negotiations
with Miss Mibu alone.
As long as they're students
at this high school,
we needn't view them
as flight risks.
[gasps]
No, we would never run away!
The school has decided
to leave this matter
in the hands
of the student council.
What?
Mibu, let's go discuss
our pending negotiations
with your volunteer coalition.
[Mayumi] Would you mind coming
with me?
Sure, just lead the way.
[whispering]
[indistinct chatter]
‐ [Tatsuya] Excuse me.
‐ Hmm?
Could we speak with you, please?
[Mayumi] Oh, Tatsuya.
And Miyuki.
What's the matter?
About yesterday's incident.
[Mayumi] They want
equal treatment between
the course one
and the course two students.
However, they don't seem
to have figured out exactly
how they want
to change things.
If anything, I sense they wanted
the student council
to come up with the next steps.
Then it devolved into
an emotional back and forth.
We decided to hold a forum
which will take place tomorrow
when school gets out.
That compromise happened
pretty quickly.
And while I do understand
the strategy
of not giving your opponent time
to prepare,
by the same token,
we'll have just
as little time ourselves.
Which members
of the student council
are participating in this forum?
[giggles]
[both gasping]
Don't tell me you're going
to be the only one.
[gasps]
Since we're all running low
on time,
if I'm the one up there,
they won't rip me to shreds over
minor differences of opinion.
I'm more afraid
of impression manipulation
making this too emotional.
So that they couldn't get
the best of you
in a logical dispute.
[grunts]
And besides...
[Mayumi] If for some reason
those students
have solid enough reasons
to defeat me
in a fair,
level‐headed debate...
[gasps]
Then all the student council
would have to do
is integrate that into how
we run this school.
[indistinct chatter]
[Boy] Course two students,
listen up!
Our coalition seeks
to eradicate discrimination
at this school!
[Girl] As the student council
president announce this morning,
tomorrow there will be
an open forum regarding
the treatment of course one
and two students.
[Boy] This is our best chance
to improve conditions
for all us course two students!
Please attend tomorrow's
open forum.
It's important.
‐ [Mizuki] Um, well‐‐
‐ Hmm?
[Mikuzi] Maybe I actually don't.
It's just,
that isn't what I want.
[Tatsuya] Mizuki!
Oh, hey, Tatsuya.
[Tatsuya] I know this guy.
[grunts]
I'm Officer Shiba.
According
to the disciplinary committee,
holding someone against
their will is unlawful,
so please refrain.
‐ Miss Shibata.
‐ [gasps]
[Kinoe] I can make any time work
for me,
so if you change your mind,
just let me know.
Goodbye.
Oh.
Do you know that guy?
[Mizuki] Yes, he's the captain
of the kendo team.
We just met,
but his name is Kinoe Tsukasa.
He sees spirit
particle emissions
the same as I do.
[Tatsuya] I knew those glasses
weren't only for style.
He was asking if I wanted
to join
an extracurricular organization
of other students afflicted
with the same hypersensitivity.
So that's what he wanted?
I kept turning him down
telling him I had my hands full
with my classes.
[Tatsuya] Captain
of the kendo team.
Kinoe Tsukasa, huh?
[Yakumo] Kinoe Tsukasa,
formerly known as Kinoe Kamono.
None of his parents
nor grandparents seem
to possess any propensity
for magic.
They're a so‐called
ordinary family.
It's actually part
of the onmyoji,
an often‐overlooked branch
of the Kamo clan.
Kinoe's eyes must be some sort
of throwback to his ancestors.
Master, did you already know
that I wanted you
to look
into Kinoe Tsukasa's past?
No.
It had nothing to do
with your request.
I simply knew about him already.
It may be true that I'm a priest
but even more than that,
I consider myself a shinobi.
Any individual with a background
that might prove
to be problematic
for society someday,
I make a point
of investigating each one.
[Tatsuya] Have you
investigated us, too?
It's certainly not
for lack of trying,
but when I first started,
I didn't know.
[Yakumo] The intelligence
manipulation concerning you two
is ironclad.
I really must tip my hat
to the both of you for that.
Excuse me, Master.
But does Mr. Tsukasa
have any connection to Blanche?
‐ [grunts]
‐ [gasps]
[Yakumo] Kinoe's mother's
second husband's child
with his first wife,
meaning Kinoe's Tsukasa's
older stepbrother
is the secret mastermind
of Blanche's Japanese branch,
and the shadowy figure named
Hajime Tsukasa,
he's more than
a symbolic figurehead.
He's the genuine leader
who also runs
their covert operations,
including illegal activities.
Kinoe Tsukasa's enrollment
at Magic High School
must be due to the influence
of Hajime Tsukasa.
As for the school's
open forum tomorrow...
Hajime might
be plotting something nefarious.
[Boy] Compared
to course one students,
treatment of course two students
is inferior in all ways!
Confess, chairwoman.
Aren't you trying to hide
the obvious truth of that?
[Mayumi] You just said
that this inferior treatment
was in all ways.
Could you please
give specific examples
of what you're referring to?
[Boy] Magic‐oriented clubs
with high ratios
of course one students received
the lion's share
of the budget compared
to the non‐magical clubs,
which are mainly populated
by the course two students.
Isn't that proof
that preferential treatment
for course one students
is overlooked even
in extracurricular clubs?
Even non‐magical activities such
as the school football team...
Which has compiled
an excellent record
have been allotted budgetary
funding each semester...
This is no longer
an open debate.
It's nothing more than a speech
by Mayumi.
But even so,
I have no clue what
their true intentions are,
but we can't make
any advances ourselves.
A defense‐only policy
sounds nice, but‐‐
‐ Please, chairwoman.
‐ [gasps]
Don't make assumptions
about resorting to violence.
[Mari] I know.
You don't have
to worry about that.
[Suzune] I'm counting on you
[Mayumi] Of possible
discrimination
in the circumstances
you pointed out
because after all...
Blooms and Weeds.
[all gasping]
[Mayumi] These terms are banned
by the school,
the student council,
and the disciplinary committee.
Unfortunately, though,
I must admit,
they are still in wide use.
[Boy] Hey, wait.
What does that mean?
[Boy 2] Is that cool to say now?
In fact some core two students
deprecate themselves as Weeds
and are even resigned
to accept it.
‐ What'd she say?
‐ There's no such thing!
[Mayumi] Exist here.
The issue is this barrier
to awareness.
As Magic High School's
student council president,
it is this very barrier that I
have been determined
to break down for all of us.
But creating new
discriminatory practices
is not the way this situation
should be resolved.
We all from course one to two
are students of this school,
and the time we spend here
as students will someday
become memories
that are indeed irreplaceable.
[dramatic music]
[applause]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasps]
Now, I would like
to take this opportunity
to tell the entire student body
what my hopes
for the future are.
There is still a system
in the student council
that discriminates
against course one
and two students.
Under the current system,
all officers except
for the president
must be nominated
from among
the course one students.
This regulation
can only be overhauled during
the general assembly
which convenes during
the reelection
of the student
council president.
Therefore, my final official act
as the school's student
council president
will be to eliminate
this regulation
at the general assembly.
People's hearts and minds cannot
be changed through brute force,
and because of that,
for the remainder of my term,
I will strive
to see this vision come
to fruition.
[grunts]
[cheers and applause]
[booming]
[grunts]
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[all screaming]
‐ Chairwoman!
‐ Apprehend them now!
[both grunting]
[groans]
[grunts]
[glass shattering]
[all screaming]
[Tatsuya] Gas bomb?
[Gyobu] Hold your breath!
Don't inhale the smoke!
Got it.
[grunts]
[Tatsuya] Convergence of the
gas in a movement spell.
Guy spiked the gas bomb,
smoke and all,
in that one instant.
Very impressive.
[both grunting]
[chuckles]
[distant booming]
[all shouting]
[guns cocking]
[electric sparking]
[both groaning]
[all gasping]
[Tatsuya] An MID field.
Did she just flood the gas masks
with nitrogen?
[gasps]
More intruders?
Over there, too?
[grunts]
[gunshot]
[all shouting]
[shouts]
[exhales]
‐ Chairwoman!
‐ [grunts]
I'd better go.
There was a detonation
at the practical skills wing.
‐ Tatsuya.
‐ [Miyuki] Brother!
I'm going with you.
[grunts]
Protect each other.
both: Right.
[ELISA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Shape of my love ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Eternal song ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪